all right I got my f 27 Q here I had
done the speed brake upgrade I hadn't
seen anybody do it on YouTube yet so I
figured I'd try it out I'm posted see
some people wanted to see that or not
but anyways I disconnected that Y
connector and I plugged the right cable
into the plug where the Y connector was
on the left into the left connector
right directly next to the Y connector
and the board and they seem to be
working how they're supposed to I
haven't had any problems still got full
rudder control but I'm going to do a
test video and see what you guys think
so here we go
all right and
kind of windy but deal with it
turn the high rates on see what happens
okay speed brakes are on now kind of
more mellow
definitely slower might have to make an
adjustment so the nose doesn't dive down
as much but they're on kind of cruise
around ride the wind a little bit longer
when you got these on with a little bit
more speed input and it doesn't seem to
you having any problem that's with them
out that's what them in now it seems to
work a lot better with them turned
inwards towards the propeller it flies a
lot smoother a lot slower more of a
glide but yeah I don't know if you can
really see it I'll try to bring it back
by the camera a little bit more
that's them on it also flies a lot
slower up in the air that's full
throttle it's not really cooking not
getting too much out not getting too
much speed then I take them off and it's
like a whole nother plane way faster
and I turned my expo down to 45 it's a
lot more responsive a lot more touchy it
seems to roll a lot better and just
all-around fly a lot more strong so
I've seen a lot better response out of
the nanotech 180 batteries that I bought
from a heli cane these batteries from a
flight they're good but they seem to
slow down towards the end of the flight
so it's about that time
your plight right there
thick grass cushy grass can't get messed
up these brakes off brakes off